Update Issue and PR templates (#726)
GregTechCEu/GregTech: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/question.md

---

_Feel free to ask any question regarding this project here._

> _If you are in need of quick response, Discord may be a better place. We have quite an active Discord community, so you may get responses quicker._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_If you are in need of quick response, Discord may be a better place. We have quite an active Discord community, so you may get responses more quickly._
```
